Overall:
1. Design is a exactly what I wanted, transitions and layout are very good
Introduction (Where it started):
1. For "A knowladge graph, in one picture" put actual icons and pictures in the graph nodes, 
so it is more suggestive, 
2. Remove the remote, paid services line, that is not a bug, engineering wise you outsource when you can t do something and that s fine, don t mention it
3. When I click, transitions are at times a bit laggy, is that because of my pc or is the implementation at fault?
4. Give me a query that shows how we use the taxonomy and ontology in the graph

Chapter 1 (Where it started)
1. The text on the boromir edges is overflowing onto the arrows and into the nodes a bit,
size is good, modify spacing slightly and make text background translucid (this works since the slide background is the same)
2. The boromir photo in the boromir does not fit in the node, we can only see his nose, forehead and eyes, pick another photo or downsize this one

Chapter 3 (Read)
1. The model of the page you created is better this time, keep it mostly like this but swap status type
 year origin tags and links with about origin spread and references, 
2. On page ten, the bottom middle box seems to be overflowing past botoom of the page by a tiny bit
it is also bigger then the two boxes on the side, I like this design so keep it but just make it fit better
3. (Question to be answered, not design modification) Why does spaCy not identify all nouns on the page?
How does it actually find the names under the hood?

Chapter 4 (Link)
1. What do 0.85 and 0.15 signyfy in the linking part? 

Chapter 5 (Tell the story), 
1. The text on the graph on the second slide isn't 
fitting properly, and the graph could be 20-25% bigger, there is a lot of empty space
2.


Chapter 8 (Give it meaning)
1.What does it mean that every term is declared?
2. The arrows in between slides can use a bit more spacing between them and the slides

Chapter 9 (Weave the Graph)
1. This bubble could be a bit bigger, say 1-3%, there is a very tiny amount of overflowing text on slide 4 when we view this Chapter
2. The graph of the graph problem persists, The edges are a mess, writing from multiple edges overlaps.
Rearrange this one in order to make sure all text is legible and links are easy to understand. 
Same problem as before, background of the text is white and not transparent

The graph in numbers
1. The peask year for twitter isn t visible
2. same problem with arrow spacing here too, another ideea would be to make the arrow slimmer
